M.F.M Fazrin\
Full-Stack Senior Software Engineer
===========
INTRO
-----

* * * * *
I am Fazrin. (B.E in Software Engineering @ [London Metropolitan
University](https://www.londonmet.ac.uk)) \
\
Working as a Full-Stack Developer @[Quadrate Tech
Solutions](https://quadrate.cc) in Developing Various Web & Desktop
Applications, Previously I worked @ [Voigue](https://voigue.com) Private
Limited as a .NET Developer mostly developed WPF application with .NET
Core backend, I worked @ [Virtusa](https://virtusa.com) Private Limited
as an Associate Software Engineer & I used Angular and .NET Core to
construct well-built high concurrent web applications, and I am
passionate about making the end-user experience as seamless as possible.

* * * * *

I worked as a Software Developer @[Nemico](#highlight3) Fashion Paradise
(part of parent company [Nemico
Holdings](https://www.linkedin.com/in/nemico-group-of-companies-105480129/?originalSubdomain=lk))
for 3 Years After I left from Olayan @ KSA as a [backend](#highlight4)
developer for 3 years, Since 2009, in my own startup [Quadrate Tech
Solutions](https://quadrate.lk) I still playing the co-founder role,
please check out my [career history](#highlightsSection) &
[portfolio](#projectsSection) section for more details, I was
configuring and troubleshooting computer hardware & networking issues
since 2005. \
\
Examine my [resume](https://nimb.ws/ZyIWei)

My Familiar Tools & Languages
-----------------------------

* * * * *

![](img/Net_Core.png) 
![](img/angularLogo.png) 
![](img/firebaseLogo.png) 
![](img/pic_logo.svg) 
![](img/nodejsLogo.png) 
![](img/bootstrapLogo.png) 
![](img/javascriptLogo.png)
![](img/html5Logo.png) 
![](img/typescript.png)
![](img/githubLogo.png) 
![](img/gitlab.png) 
![](img/bitbucket.png)
![](img/Azure.png) 
![](img/wordpress.png)
![](img/jira.png) 

Portfolio
=========

* * * * *

### Live samples of my work

Technical blog site for content sharing regarding latest outstanding
technologies by
experts(http://quadrate.unaux.com/)

Technical blog site for content sharing regarding latest outstanding
technologies by experts

[![Photo of purrrfect Match website
deployed](img/purrrfectMatchDeployed.png)](http://purrrfect-match.herokuapp.com/)

A cat adoption website created with NodeJS, Express, Passport, and
MongoDB

[![Photo of Patatap Clone website
deployed](img/patatapCloneDeployed.png)](https://patatap-clone.firebaseapp.com/)

A website similar to Patatap, using HowlerJS

[![Photo of RGB Guessing Game website
deployed](img/rgbGuessingGameDeployed.png)](https://rgb-guessing-game.firebaseapp.com/)

A simple DOM manipulation puzzle game where users try to match RGB
colors

[![Photo of Show Local Weather website
deployed](img/showLocalWeatherDeployed.png)](http://show-local-weather-jw.herokuapp.com/)

Using jQuery and AJAX GET requests, weather data is shown to the user

[![Photo of Todo List website
deployed](img/todoListDeployed.png)](http://todo-list-jw.herokuapp.com/)

A simple To-Do list using jQuery and AJAX requests

[![Photo of Omnifood website
deployed](img/omnifoodDeployed.png)](https://omnifood-e8df5.firebaseapp.com/)

A responsive HTML & CSS website

[![Photo of a CSS snake in the
grass](img/cssMonsterDeployed.png)](https://codepen.io/jwuestef/full/PjqPgy/)

A simple movable CSS monster

[![Photo of Ninja Directory website
deployed](img/ninjaDirectoryDeployed.png)](https://ninja-directory-41b5d.firebaseapp.com/)

A simple Angular website to browse ninjas-for-hire

[![Photo of Turtle Quiz website
deployed](img/turtleQuizDeployed.png)](https://turtle-quiz.firebaseapp.com/)

An Angular quiz website to learn about turtles

[![Photo of Workout Log website
deployed](img/workoutLogDeployed.png)](https://workoutlog-angular-client.herokuapp.com)

An Angular website with a PostgreSQL database to log your physical
training regimen

[![Photo of MERN Bucket List website
deployed](img/bucketListDeployed.png)](https://bucketlist-client-jw.herokuapp.com/)

My long journey accumulated lots of projects which cannot be listed all
here\
 so please check out my complete list of projects in
[github](https://github.com/nirzaf) and
[gitlab](https://gitlab.com/nirzaf)

#### I am always reachable through WhatsApp {style="font-display:block;color:white"}

![](img\logos\whatsapp.png)
[+94772049123](https://api.whatsapp.com/send?phone=+94772049123&text=Hi,%20I%20contacted%20you%20Through%20your%20website.)

#### Or Drop me an e-mail to 

#### [Email : fazrin@quadrate.lk](mailto:fazrin@quadrate.lk) 

[Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mfmfazrin/)

Copyright Â© 2019 - [M.F.M Fazrin](https://nirzaf.github.io)

All trademarks and registered trademarks are the property of their
respective owners.
